Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to integrate font family.
Now, in order to do this, we are going to need to head up to our browser and then head up to fonts,
dot, google, dot com.
And over here you can search for any type of font you still desire.
Okay, over here you can see we have this roboto and we can download this over here.
But I'm going to use this which I've already downloaded.
I'm going to go to my files.
But before then.
Over this territory.
What we can do, we can just go to the pub spec, that YAML file.
So we are going to be able to create a folder within this mod seal vendor directory.
So over here regular creates a new folder and we are going to call this folder assets.
Then within the assets directory, we're gonna create a new folder which we are going to call fonts.
Okay.
So I'm going to copy and paste that to my phone.
So this is it over here.
I can just alight this.
I like this and copy.
We can basically just copy the one you just recently dilute.
Okay.
So I'm going to go to my documents.
Sorry.
I think I created that project in desktop and multi-vendor.
I think I have a lot of projects where I can just search for multi, multi vendor and this is it and
assets and fonts.
And now we can paste this over here.
Now the next thing to do is to tell flow.
We just added this to files or these two fonts.
So in order to do this, we're going to need to go to the prospects YAML file.
And you can see we have this font central section over here.
So what we can do, we can all commit this out.
Okay.
Great.
Now is asking for the family.
That is the name of the Fonz.
We can basically give this font any name.
That is how we are going to be able to use that font.
We just had it.
So for this first font, just going to check the name.
This is good.
And so over this first family, we will call this brand.
Dash board kit that is for the board funds.
This is for the board fund and the location is what we can basically just do in that to avoid mistake.
We can.
Click on this.
So it is.
And.
Do I see if we are renaming it and use control and aid to our lights and then copy.
So now we are going to need to go back to the pub that sparked the fire and.
The location is in.
Assets slash funds slash this.
We can get rid of this.
Okay.
Get rid of that and we can get rid of this sty.
We don't want the photo to be italic.
Okay for the second phones.
I think we have that too.
That is for the board and the semi board or semi board or any are you pronounce it.
Okay.
So for this we can call this.
What is the cord?
We can call this.
Okay, we can just call this.
Sorry, we can call this brand dash.
Regular.
Okay.
In order to avoid mistakes again or spell error, we can just do a c phone rename and use control A
to copy this.
Okay.
You can basically call this any name you desire.
The main important thing is the path to that force should be correct.
So what we can do, we can get rid of this because this is a wrong location.
Our phone is located at assets and funds and then we can pay this.
OC.
We don't really need this.
You can get rid of this or you can just say outboard or heartsick.
You want these funds to be by hiding the weeds so you can get rid of this.
As well.
We can get rid of this.
And now what we have to do is to use control and as to save in order to get what we just did.
Okay.
This is going to take some time and.
Before.
Then we can just remove this unnecessary comments.
Hopefully we have no errors.
OC is going to close this.
Okay.
We can remove this unnecessary comment.
And I think it's done, hopefully without any errors.
I'm just going to provide some weather.
Okay.
Not only.
Sorry.
I think it's a bit slow.
I suppose Pakistan.
But most of the time it is recommended you stop your harp and rerun.
I'm just going to try and save again.
So what we are simply saying the name of the font, we are basically given the name of the phone's brand
board and you can basically call this any name view.
You can basically give the phones, the font, family, any type of name you you desire.
You can give it any type of name you desire.
The main position is the location to that phone is correct.
So you can see over here we are giving the Ford family brand both and we said this is the location in
order to access the phones.
So whenever we want to use these phones or we just have to do is to refer to this thing.
So by referring to this name, we are simply tell the floater that we are going to need to use this
phones and as well as this.
I want to use this for it.
We can basically just refer to.
This browed, regular, browed, Dutch regular.
So most of the times after did a little of this is why it is recommended you stop your have and we wrote
that in in this lecture will see you guys see the next lecture.